New Topic: Cloud Computing (#930)
Codecademy/docs: content/go/go.md

> Go (also referred to as "Golang") is an open-source compiled programming language that was designed at Google by Robert Griesemer, Rob Pike, and Ken Thompson. It had its initial release for the public in 2012.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Go** (also referred to as "Golang") is an open-source compiled programming language that was designed at Google by Robert Griesemer, Rob Pike, and [Ken Thompson](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/general/ken-thompson). It had its initial release for the public in 2012.
```

Reviewer: For the `Description` in line # 3, I'd also suggest shortening to one sentence like this:

'Go (or Golang) is an open-source compiled programming language designed at Google and released to the public in 2012.'

> Go features known concepts such as static typing, memory safety, garbage collection, and more. It was originally designed to write high performance networking and infrastructure-relevant systems. Nowadays, it's used for [cloud-based](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/general/cloud-computing) or server-side apps, DevOps, AI, Data Science, and more. Golang is known for its readability, simplicity, shallow learning curve, and great performance.

Reviewer: Wondering if we should file new entry issues for Go concepts like static typing, memory, and garbage collection?

Author: @Dusch4593 sounds like a good idea.

> Go features known concepts such as static typing, memory safety, garbage collection, and more. It was originally designed to write high performance networking and infrastructure-relevant systems. Nowadays, it's used for [cloud-based](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/general/cloud-computing) or server-side apps, DevOps, AI, Data Science, and more. Golang is known for its readability, simplicity, shallow learning curve, and great performance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Go features known concepts such as static typing, memory safety, garbage collection, and more. It was originally designed to write high performance networking and infrastructure-relevant systems. Nowadays, it's used for [cloud-based](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/general/cloud-computing) or server-side apps, DevOps, [Artificial Intelligence (AI)](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/general/artificial-intelligence), [Data Science](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/general/data-science), and more. Go is known for its readability, simplicity, shallow learning curve, and great performance.
```
